Organize the directory structure of `JournalStorage` (#5544)
optuna/optuna: docs/source/reference/storages.rst

   optuna.storages.RetryFailedTrialCallback
   optuna.storages.fail_stale_trials
   optuna.storages.JournalStorage

:class:`~optuna.storages.JournalStorage` requires its backend specification and here is the list of the supported backends:

.. note::
   If users would like to use any backends not supported by Optuna, it is possible to do so by creating a customized class by inheriting :class:`optuna.storages.journal.BaseJournalBackend`.

.. autosummary::
   :toctree: generated/
   :nosignatures:

   optuna.storages.journal.JournalFileBackend
   optuna.storages.journal.JournalRedisBackend

> Users can flexibly choose a lock object for backends and here is the list of supported lock objects:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Users can flexibly choose a lock object for :class:`~optuna.storages.journal.JournalFileBackend` and here is the list of supported lock objects:
```
